Write subsection on ED-EMS application (#17)
11michalis11/Thesis: chapters/03_queueing_model/07_ed_ems_application/main.tex

\subsection{ED-EMS application}\label{sec:queueing_ems_es_application}

The queueing network described in Section~\ref{sec:queueing_section} can be
directly applied to a healthcare setting.
The healthcare scenario that is of interest here is at the interface between
Emergency Department (ED) staff and Emergency Medical Services (EMS) staff.
All parameters described in Section~\ref{sec:queueing_section} can be mapped
to some components of either the ED or the EMS.

\begin{itemize}
    \item \(\lambda_1 \rightarrow\) Type 1 individuals \(\rightarrow\)
    Individuals arriving without an ambulance (or via an ambulance that cannot
    be blocked)
    \item \(\lambda_2 \rightarrow\) Type 2 individuals \(\rightarrow\)
    Individuals arriving with an ambulance (that can be blocked)

>     \item \(\mu \rightarrow\) Service rate \(\rightarrow\) The service rate of
>     doctors and nurses at the hospital

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item \(\mu \rightarrow\) Service rate \(\rightarrow\) The service rate of a patient
```

    \item \(C \rightarrow\) Number of servers \(\rightarrow\) The number of
    beds in the hospital

>     \item \(T \rightarrow\) Threshold \(\rightarrow\) The number of patient that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item \(T \rightarrow\) Threshold \(\rightarrow\) The number of patients that
```

    need to be in the hospital to start blocking ambulances in the parking area.
    \item \(N \rightarrow\) Node 1 capacity \(\rightarrow\) The overall hospital

>     capacity (i.e. the number of beds in the hospital + the queueing capacity)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    capacity (i.e. the number of beds in the hospital plus the queueing capacity)
```

    \item \(M \rightarrow\) Node 2 capacity \(\rightarrow\) The parking capacity
\end{itemize}

> In essence, type 1 individuals are now all patients that arrive at the ED via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type 1 individuals are now all patients that arrive at the ED via
```

some other means of transportation rather than an ambulance.

> Type 2 individuals are now all patients that arrive at the ED via an ambulance.
> Note here that if an ambulance holds a patient that is classified as an
> emergency case, then the patient is classified as a type 1 Individuals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type 2 individuals are now all patients that arrive at the ED via an ambulance whose condition allows them to be delayed in the parking lot.
```

> This essentially means that emergency ambulance patients cannot be blocked in
> the parking space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
